{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs36\lang9 1A\fs22 . A wrought-iron gate with hinges on one side and a lock on the other fills the archway of a stone portico. \b (The gate is unlocked, and its rusty hinges shriek when the gate is opened)\b0 . Oil lamps hang from the portico ceiling by chains, flanking a set of oaken doors\par
\fs36 1B.\fs22  Enter into a grand foyer, Hanging on the south wall of the foyer is a shield emblazoned with a coat-of-arms\b  (a stylized golden windmill on a red field), \b0 flanked by framed portraits of stony-faced aristocrats \b (long-dead members of the Durst family). \b0 Mahogany-framed double doors lead from the foyer are set with panes of stained glass.\par
\fs36 2A\fs22  A wide hall runs the width of the house, with a black marble fireplace at one end and a sweeping, red marble staircase at the other. Mounted on the wall above the fireplace is a longsword\b  (nonmagical with a windmill cameo worked into the hilt). \b0 The wood-paneled walls are ornately sculpted with images of vines, flowers, nymphs, and satyrs. The decorative paneling follows the staircase as it circles upward to the second floor.\par
\fs36 2B\fs22 . A Looks like a cloakroom, has several black cloaks hanging from hooks on the walls. A top hat sits on a high shelf.\par
\fs36 3\fs22 . This oak-paneled room looks like a hunter's den. Mounted above the fireplace is a stag's head, and positioned around the outskirts of the room are three stuffed wolves.\par
Two padded chairs draped in animal furs face the hearth, with an oak table between them supporting a cask of wine, two carved wooden goblets, a pipe rack, and a candelabrum. A chandelier hangs above a cloth-covered table surrounded by four chairs.\par
Two cabinets stand against the walls. \par
\fs36 4A. \fs22 The kitchen is tidy, with dishware, cookware, and utensils neatly placed on shelves. A worktable has a cutting board and rolling pin atop it. A stone, dome-shaped oven stands near the east wall, its bent iron stovepipe connecting to a hole in the ceiling. Behind the stove and to the left is a thin door (4B)\fs36\par
4B.\fs22  A well-stocked pantry, All the food in the pantry appears fresh but tastes bland.\fs36\par
\fs22 5. The centerpiece of this wood-paneled dining room is a carved mahogany table surrounded by eight high-backed chairs with sculpted armrests and cushioned seats. A crystal chandelier hangs above the table, which is covered with resplendent silverware and crystal-ware polished to a dazzling shine. Mounted above the marble fireplace is a mahogany-framed painting of an alpine vale. The wall paneling is carved with elegant images of deer among the trees\b . \b0 Red silk drapes cover the windows, and a tapestry depicting hunting dogs and horse-mounted aristocrats chasing after a wolf hangs from an iron rod bolted to the south wall.\b\par
6. \b0 Unlit oil lamps are mounted on the walls of this elegant hall. Hanging above the mantelpiece is a wood-framed portrait of a family. Standing suits of armor flank wooden doors in the east and west walls. Each suit of armor clutches a spear and has a visored helm shaped like a wolf's head. The doors are carved with dancing youths. The red marble staircase that started on the first floor continues its upward spiral. A cold draft can be felt coming down the steps.\par
\b 7A. \b0 An undecorated bedroom contains a pair of beds with straw-stuffed mattresses. At the foot of each bed is an footlocker (Empty). \par
\b\fs36 7B. \b0\fs22 Tidy servants' uniforms hang from hooks.\b\par
\fs36 8\b0\fs22 . Red velvet drapes cover the windows of this room. An exquisite mahogany desk and a matching high-back chair face the entrance and the fireplace, above which hangs a framed picture of a windmill perched atop a rocky crag. Situated in corners of the room are two overstuffed chairs. Floor-to-ceiling bookshelves line the south wall with A rolling wooden ladder.\par
\b\fs36 9.\b0\fs22 This secret room contains bookshelves packed with tomes A heavy wooden chest with clawed iron feet stands against the south wall, its lid half-closed. Sticking out of the chest is a skeleton in leather armor. Clutched in the skeleton's left hand is a letter \par
\b\fs36 10\b0\fs22 . Gossamer drapes cover the windows of this elegantly appointed hall, which has a brass-plated chandelier hanging from the ceiling. Upholstered chairs line the walls, and stained-glass wall hangings depict beautiful men, women, and children singing and playing instruments.A harpsichord with a bench rests in the northwest corner. Near the fireplace is a large standing harp. Alabaster figurines of well-dressed dancers adorn the mantelpiece. \par
\b\fs36 11.  \b0\fs22 A dusty balcony with a suit of black plate armor standing against one wall, draped in cobwebs. Oil lamps are mounted on the oak-paneled walls, which are carved with woodland scenes of trees, falling leaves, and tiny critters. \par
\b\fs36 12A \b0\fs22 The double doors to this room have dusty panes of stained glass set into them. Designs in the glass resemble windmills. This dusty, cobweb-filled bedroom has burgundy drapes covering the windows. Furnishings include a four-poster bed with embroidered curtains and tattered gossamer veils, a matching pair wardrobes (empty), a vanity with a wood-framed mirror, jewelry box and a padded chair. A rotting tiger-skin rug lies on the floor in front of the fireplace, which has a dust-covered portrait 2 adults hanging above it. A web-filled parlor in the southwest corner contains a table and two chairs. Resting on the dusty tablecloth is an empty porcelain bowl and a matching jug. A door facing the foot of the bed has a full-length mirror mounted on it.\par
\b\fs36 12B \b0\fs22  The door opens to reveal an empty, dust-choked closet.\par
\b\fs36 12C\b0\fs22  A door in the parlor leads to an outside balcony.\par
\b\fs36 13.\b0\fs22  This dark room contains a wooden tub with clawed feet, a small iron stove with a kettle resting atop it, and a barrel under a spigot in the east wall. A cistern on the roof used to collect rainwater, which was borne down a pipe to the spigot; however,( the plumbing no longer works).\par
\b\fs36 14. \b0\fs22 Dusty shelves line the walls of this room. A few of the shelves have folded sheets, blankets, and old bars of soap on them. A cobweb-covered broom of leans against the far wall.\par
\b\fs36 15a\b0\fs22 . Dust and cobwebs shroud an elegantly appointed bedroom a Double doors set with panes of stained glass to the north. The bedroom contains a large bed, two end tables, and an wardrobe(empty). Mounted on the wall next to the wardrobe is a full-length mirror with an ornate wooden frame carved to look like ivy and berries. \par
\b\fs36 15b\b0\fs22 . The nursery contains a crib covered with a hanging black shroud. \par
\b\fs36 16. \b0\fs22 This bare hall is choked with dust and cobwebs.\par
\b\fs36 17\b0\fs22 . This dust-choked room contains a slender bed, a nightstand, a small iron stove, a writing desk with a stool, a wardrobe(empty), and a rocking chair. A smiling doll in a lacy yellow dress sits in the northern window box, cobwebs draping it like a wedding veil.\par
\b\fs36 18. \b0\fs22 This dusty chamber is packed with objects all draped in dusty white sheets. \par
\b\fs36 19. \b0\fs22 This web-filled room contains a slender bed, a nightstand, a rocking chair, an wardrobe(empty), and a small iron stove.\par
\b\fs36 20. \b0\fs22 This room contains a bricked-up window flanked by two dusty, wood-framed beds sized for children. Closer to the door is a toy chest with windmills painted on its sides and a dollhouse that's a perfect replica of the dreary edifice in which you stand. These furnishings are draped in cobwebs. Lying in the middle of the floor are two small skeletons wearing tattered but familiar clothing. The smaller of the two cradles a stuffed doll that you also recognize.\par
\b\fs36 21\b0\fs22   narrow spiral staircase made of creaky wood is contained within a 5-foot-wide shaft of mortared stone that starts in the attic and descends downward.\par
\b\fs36 22\b0\fs22  The wooden spiral staircase from the attic ends here. A narrow tunnel stretches southward before branching east and west. You can hear an eerie, incessant chant echoing throughout. \par
\b\fs36 23\b0\fs22  the crypt is sealed with a stone slab.\par
\b\fs36 24\b0\fs22 . A wooden table and four chairs stand at the east end of this room. To the west are four alcoves containing moldy straw pallets.\par
\b\fs36 25\b0\fs22 . A 4-foot-diameter well shaft with a 3-foot-high stone lip descends downward. A wooden bucket hangs from a rope-and-pulley mechanism bolted to the crossbeams above the well.\par
\b\fs36 26. \b0\fs22 The ghostly chanting heard throughout the dungeon gets discernibly louder as one heads west along this tunnel.\par
\b\fs36 27\b0\fs22 . This room contains a plain wooden table flanked by long benches. Moldy humanoid bones lie strewn on the dirt floor - the remains of the cult's vile banquets. In the middle of the south wall is a darkened alcove.\par
\b\fs36 29\b0\fs22 . The ghostly chanting heard throughout the dungeon is noticeably louder to the north.\par
\b\fs36 30. \b0\fs22 It's obvious to any character standing at the top of this 20-foot-long staircase that the ghostly chants originate from somewhere below.\par
\b\fs36 31\b0\fs22 . This room is festooned with moldy skeletons that hang from rusty shackles against the walls. A wide alcove in the south wall contains a painted wooden statue carved in the likeness of a gaunt, pale-faced man wearing a voluminous black cloak, his pale left hand resting on the head of a wolf that stands next to him. In his right hand, he holds a smoky-gray crystal orb. The room has exits in the west and north walls. Chanting can be heard coming from the west.\par
\b\fs36 32\b0\fs22 . The staircase ends at a landing with a 6-foot-high ceiling of close-fitting planks with a wooden trapdoor set into it. \par
\b\fs36 33\b0\fs22 . A chandelier is suspended above a table in the middle of the room. Two high-backed chairs flank the table, which has an clay jug(empty) and two clay flagons atop it. Iron candlesticks stand in two corners, their candles long since melted away.\par
\b\fs36 34. \b0\fs22 This room contains a large wood-framed bed with a rotted feather mattress, a wardrobe containing several old robes, a pair of iron candlesticks, and an open crate. At the foot of the bed is an wooden footlocker.\par
\b\fs36 35\b0\fs22 . The ghostly chant emanating the west fills this room. You can discern a dozen or so voices saying, over and over, "He is the Ancient. He is the Land." Items are stored in thirteen niches along the walls. The southernmost tunnel slopes down at a 20-degree angle into murky water and ends at a rusty portcullis.\par
\b\fs36 36\b0\fs22 . Bones on the floor and rusty shackeles.\par
\b\fs36 37\b0\fs22 . This tunnel is blocked by a rusty iron portcullis. The floor around the portcullis is submerged under 2 feet of murky water.\par
\b\fs36 38\b0\fs22 . The chanting stops as you peer into this forty-foot-square room. The smooth masonry walls provide excellent acoustics. Featureless stone pillars support the ceiling, and a breach in the west wall leads to a dark cave heaped with refuse. Murky water covers most of the floor. Stairs lead up to dry stone ledges that hug the walls. In the middle of the room, more stairs rise to form an octagonal dais that also rises above the water. Rusty chains with shackles dangle from the ceiling directly above a stone altar mounted on the dais. The altar is carved with hideous depictions of grasping ghouls and is stained with dry blood.\par
\par
}
 